Authentication Methods Registration Campaign Graph Docs (#12112)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/authenticationmethodspolicy-update.md

---
title: "Update authenticationMethodsPolicy"
description: "Update the properties of an authenticationMethodsPolicy object."
author: "mmcla"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update authenticationMethodsPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of an [authenticationMethodsPolicy](../resources/authenticationmethodspolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.AuthenticationMethod|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.ReadWrite.AuthenticationMethod|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /policies/authenticationMethodsPolicy
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

> In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [registrationEnforcement](../resources/registrationenforcement.md) object to nudge users to setup targeted authentication methods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [registrationEnforcement](../resources/registrationenforcement.md) object to prompt users to set up targeted authentication methods. 
```

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |registrationEnforcement|[registrationEnforcement](../resources/registrationenforcement.md)|Settings for enforcing registration at sign-in time. Can currently be used to nudge users to setup targeted authentication methods.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|registrationEnforcement|[registrationEnforcement](../resources/registrationenforcement.md)|Settings for enforcing registration at sign-in time. This property can be used to prompt users to set up targeted authentication methods.|
```
